migrate the fill_data_with_nan code to asf-tools (#114)
ASFHyP3/asf-tools: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/) 
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## [0.4.2](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/asf-tools/compare/v0.4.1...v0.4.2)
> 
> ### Fixed
> * calculate the HAND with the sgrid in the pysheds.
> 
> ## [0.4.1](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/asf-tools/compare/v0.4.0...v0.4.1)
> 
> ### Fixed
> * fill nan pixels based on the dem file and do not fill the ocean pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## [0.4.1](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/asf-tools/compare/v0.4.0...v0.4.1)

### Changed
* `asf_tools.dem` now uses the updated [2021 release of the Copernicus GLO-30 Public DEM](https://spacedata.copernicus.eu/blogs/-/blogs/copernicus-dem-2021-release-now-available)

### Fixed
* `asf_tools.hand.calculate` correctly uses [pyshed's `sGrid`](https://github.com/mdbartos/pysheds) for calculating HAND across all hydrobasins simultaneously. 
* `asf_tools.hand.calculate` will fill NaNs within the hydrobasins in the calculated HAND array with values interpolated from their neighbor's HOND (height of nearest drainage)
```
